 Correctness : Extent to which a program satisfies its specifications and fulfills the user’s mission objectives.
Reliability: Extent to which a program can be expected to perform its intended function with Extent to which a program can be expected to perform its intended function with required precision. Reliability in engineering terms is the ability of a product or component to continue to perform its intended role over a period of time to predefined conditions. And the same applies to the systems environment where reliability is measured in terms of the mean time between failures, the mean time to repair, the mean time to recover, the probability of failure and the general availability of the system.
Efficiency: The amount of computing resources required by a program to perform a function. McCall's view of efficiency or performance is concerned with the efficient use of computer code to perform processes and the efficient use of storage resources.
Usability: Effort required to learn, operate, pre-pare input, and interpret output of a program. As usability was mainly confined to selected users learning how to use it.
Integrity: Extent to which access to software or data by unauthorized persons can be controlled. This definition of integrity confines itself to user confidence that programs and data can not be altered illegally and the access controls that can be put in place to guard against this happening.
Maintainability : Effort required locating and correcting an error in an operational program. Finding and correcting errors is just one aspect of maintenance.
Flexibility : Effort required modifying an operational program. Recent interpretation of flexibility would be more associated with adaptability, ie. being able to change or reconfigure the user interface to suit users' preferences at the system is secure against external threats.
Testability : Effort required to test a program to en-sure it performs its intended function.
Portability : Effort required transferring a program from one hardware configuration and/or software system environment to another.
Reusability : Extent to which a program can be used in other applications-related to the packaging and scope of the functions that programs perform. Re-usability addresses the concept of writing code so that it can be used more than once.
Interoperability : Effort required coupling one system with another.
